Server:
    - Handle multiple messages being inputted 
        a. from a single client. 
        b. from multiple clients. 

        c. Organize packet to outline sending of multiple packets. 

    - Thread problem on server side. 
        a. Move thread logic from server to chatroom server.hpp is the "wrapper" and 
           the handler of communicating with all the threads is the chatroom. 

    - Adding chatroom functionality 
        a. Have chatroom interact with server to generate new socket when a new connetion
           is attempting to connect. Connect send value for new port, disconnect, create new 
           listening socket on the new port and wait for connection. When connected "admit" save 
           socket id in vector for chatroom to forward messages to. 
        b. Create logic needed for active listening on all open sockets and forwarding messages to
           other clients. Need to implement some form of lock to prevent race conditions when sending. 
           First come first serve? use another vector for message waiting? 
        
    - Handshake username and port. 
        a. Make use of formatted packets in the end but for now both parties have to send status_pass_end 
            client: has to receive pass for unique username is enterd. 
            server: has to receive pass for port number to be used. 
Client:
    - Handle multiple messages being inputted 
        a. from a single client. 
        b. from multiple clients. 
    - Spinning off threads for message processing... 
        a. create thread when message is received and place the thread in a messageproccesing vector<thread> list. 
        b. Have another thread calling garbage collector run every second checking the vector for thread status
           (i.e. is thread alive?) if not remove thread from vector using iterator. *Implement this on server side as well. 

Viewing problem:
    - Print entire chat formatted when receivng new message. If user input buffer is empty print out new message directly using cout<<.
      If user has inputted characters then save users buffers (implied) then traverse vector<Messages> vector to print all contents held
      in the buffer. Could cretae another module named Views.cpp that handles all the logic needed. *.hpp maybe needed up to design to 
      team to figure out. 